
In order to take our angular code to production, We need to build our angular app.
ng build 
---------

1. ng build produces deliverable code packages and make optimisations as well. 
2. Optimizaition means whle code running in production takes fast and takes minimum number of resources.


What optimisations it will do ? 
-------------------------------
 1. It turns development mode off (dev mode have change detection)
 2. Bundling --> All javascript files bundled in to one single file, so we have less requests going over the wire
 
 3. Minification -- > Removes all things which not required for javascript compiler such as browser ( like white spaces).
 Other advanced settings like (rename your parameter names to lesser length etc...)
 4. Tree shaking -> suppose if you write a method in your code and you did not used it (that means there is no reason that method shold
 present in your class ) these methods will not make in to production bundle.
 5. Dead code elemination --> this is also same as tree shaking making sure .. the production bundle has only useful code.
 
 6. Asset inlining --> this is the process where small assets like css files and images are actually bundled up and inline with 
 javascript code, so we can avoid few requestes and reduce overhead -> so your application will perform better. 
 7. Execute the AOT compiler ( with newer version of angular, it is happening even when we run in development mode) 
    ------------------------
    
    What happens when we run Ahead Of Time compiler ?  
      --> AOT is a process that runs during angular build that handles angular templates (.html) to javascript files (.js)
      --> this helps the rendering faster in production. (the converstion happens in build time itself so in procution actually
      we are reducing one step for rendering, that means render the ui is faster)
      --> AOT will detect errors on template 
      --> AOT enforces better security.
      
      The biggest job of AOT is compiling Temmplates, When angualr runs in browser the big piece that goes on is 
      template. Ultimaltly the code you write needs to show something in the browser, so the user has some interaction.
      that means manipulating the DOM ( we authored templates to let angular know what needs to be done ) we use bindings
      events, directives and components in our html templates.This HTML is useless as it is, It has to turn in to javascript 
      instructions so that browser can actually manipulate the dom and renders something to the user.
      
      That whole process is called Angular compiler which takes HTML templates and turns them in to javascript instructions
      to manipulate the DOM.
    
